here at CES 2024 where the cars just
keep on getting weirder starting with
the Honda series zero Saloon this thing
right here looks absolutely sick it's
like if you took a Kos and a minivan and
put them together and just got the best
bits of both of them and for those of us
that want actual van they have the space
Hub which holy heck this thing looks
cool and holy heck that is a duster and
a half Honda has the new space Hub which
oh my God it looks cool well maybe you
had to park a little bit too far away
from your destination which is where the
new Moto compacto comes in I actually
really want to try out one of these cuz
they're only 1,000 bucks if you want one
Lexus also collabed with Razer to put
RGB on their car cuz you know they can't
make a good electric one